in today's video we will be going
through the 1999's american science
fiction horror film virus spoilers ahead
you have been warned make sure to give
this video a thumbs up comment on what
your favorite part was and subscribe to
our channel for more the movie opens
with a large ship academic vladislav
volkov communicating with an orbiting
space station named mir the opening
scene suggests that it will be a great
sci-fi movie however the main lead of
this film jamie lee curtis has said that
this is the worst film in the world so
now you know the people in the ship are
roaming around and it looks like they
are on an important mission a pretty
lady is talking to the cosmonauts
through an old school video call in
russian the movie then cuts to the scene
inside the space station which reveals
someone playing chess with that pretty
lady on the ship nice move pun intended
a lady sees a spaceship looking object
and begins taking photos of it instead
of warning others another man sees it
and invites his friend to enjoy the
scenery together like guys you're gonna
die
the spaceship looking figure comes
towards them as it turns out it's an
electrical search that hits the
spaceship the lady on the earth becomes
concerned because all the audio visual
signals are gone and her chess game is
now incomplete what a pity she sees a
disturbed visual of a cosmonaut
frantically trying to say something but
the electrical search gets transmitted
by mir and hits the ship volkov the
whole ship begins malfunctioning and
electrical systems begin falling apart
they exclaim that somebody got access to
their mainframe computer everybody in
the ship collapses and starts screaming
cut to seven days later a tugboat is
shown tugging some cargo trapped in a
typhoon everybody in the cabin seems to
be struggling but the captain is busy
chugging a bottle of beer because yeah
that feels important our protagonist
kelly foster is trying her best to get
the ship out of the storm but what can
you expect when the boat is being led by
an intoxicated captain the engine room
starts taking on water senior engineer
steve baker and other workers start
panicking steve tells the captain to
release the cargo to prevent the ship
sinking the captain denies it as the
cargo is uninsured because money is more
important he even points a gun at steve
threatening him not to interfere however
the storm takes control and the rope
connecting the cargo snaps they lose the
cargo in your face captain then they
decide to take shelter in the eye of the
storm the following morning a diver
jumps into the water to gauge the
situation he informs them that they are
indeed sinking kelly receives the signal
of another ship nearby they call the
drunkard captain who is ready to commit
suicide captain postpones his program
and they reach the ship which turns out
to be the volkov surprisingly even after
all that the ship is still standing all
of them except two officers board the
volkov searching for anyone who might be
on board they don't find a trace of
anyone not even the dead bodies however
some bullet holes and traces of blood
are seen the cabin floor is littered
with papers as if someone was trying to
search for something they study the ship
and estimate its value as nearly 300
million dollars according to the captain
they can receive 10 if they tug the ship
out which is 30 million everybody agrees
except kelly who doesn't entertain the
idea maybe because she is already too
rich or she is the only one with common
sense her logic is that it will be
against the maritime laws if they find
anybody alive in the ship except the
intruders including them of course steve
and offers a squeaky are ordered to
restore the power to the engines steve
claims that he is suspicious about this
as it seems too good to be true which it
is oops a spoiler anyway this whole
video is a spoiler so it's fine the
control panel seems like someone
deliberately unplugged the power they
successfully restore power the lights
are on and the computer starts running
in the sea star hiko and jw woods
managed to tie a rope connecting the two
ships i don't know what makes them so
confident about the same rope which
snapped the previous day
kelly is astonished to see the computers
are running by themselves which the
volkov crew had said before they
collapsed remember the camera starts
gazing at the captain and zooms in his
name as if somebody has got its control
the anchor of the ship drops on its own
straight through the deck of the sea
star the sea star slowly sinks the
captain orders steve on the deck to
rescue the two officers hiko and woods
woods comes out unharmed but hiko
injures his leg due to the anchor
steve informs squeaky that they have
lost the tug squeaky exclaims that the
ship is automated and runs by itself but
steve insists that there is somebody on
board except them
somebody listened to him steve orders
squeaky to bolt the door of the engine
room shut the captain arrives on the
deck and after some argument with steve
they agreed to overlook their
differences for the sake of 30 million
dollars injured heco is taken to the
medical help room squeaky spots a
spider-like robotic creature going
inside a small opening he follows it
crawling inside the opening filled with
wires the wires suddenly strangle him
inside i told you it was a bad idea
didn't i there woods and richie reach
the ammunition room and start collecting
some weapons they wander around looking
for their death maybe and start admiring
some missiles they find an ejection seat
and a lot of blood in a room don't ask
me which room because they are just
entering any and every room in the
medical bay kelly starts treating hiko
she even stitches his wounds i wouldn't
vouch for it as she is a navigator not a
doctor but this is a movie and a really
bad one at that the captain asks kelly
hiko and steve what they are going to do
with their share i.e 3 million dollars
if only the captain knew not to count
his eggs before they hatch
someone comes out of the cupboard and
starts shooting them all of them survive
but the person collapses they remove the
mask and she seems to be a young lady
probably the only remaining crew of the
volkov her bag reveals some thermite
grenades instead after steve gets no
answer from squeaky he orders richie and
woods to come back but the two idiots
continue exploring and get attacked by a
weird robot they shoot at it and manage
to destroy it lucky them the lady whose
name is nadia gains consciousness and
starts shouting at them to cut off the
power as they are in danger when asked
about it she says something came from
the space station mirror the captain
doesn't believe her she runs towards the
lower deck afraid and nervous but kelly
follows she pacifies her nadia
frantically explains that machines have
taken over the ship and are controlling
everything she says that she and her
captain alexi were the last to survive
kelly tries to convince the captain but
he thinks she is just out of her mind
nadia is then taken to the bridge wood
and richie reach a room and see some
automated robots working they inform
steve about this the two go further
inside because their curious asses are
not yet satisfied later woods wants to
return but richie continues messing up
with the dangerous machines they get
attacked by machines as expected and
deserved they have a close call and
woods is heard in the chest they meet
steve in the engine room they are all
struck to discover that the door is
welded shut someone starts firing at the
three of them in the cabin the captain
threatens to kill nadia if she doesn't
give him answers he completely denies
the alien theory i think he should have
been the first one to die instead of
squeaky richie woods and steve arrive
with the robot-like figure that had
attacked them earlier nadia exclaims
that it is her captain like what is
going on one captain is a drunkard and
the other one a robot nadia explains
that the electrical search from the
mirror took over the ship's computers it
scans computers to collect information
and build workshops to convert the
previous crew into cyborgs the seemingly
dead cyborg they brought is nadia's
husband the ship's captain alexi he was
killed by the machines and converted
into a cyborg the rest of the crew
deserted the ship only the husband wife
duo stayed on the ship probably
expecting a nice honeymoon she says if
you cut the cables the power source is
obstructed and the robots die the
captain is still not convinced woods is
like somebody give me attention i have a
freaking nail pricking my chest kelly
goes to him and does just that the ship
heads towards another storm yes guys yet
another one it begins shaking violently
and the crew members brace they decide
to go to the engine room and cut open
the door as the steering isn't
responding all of them including nadia
head towards the engine room midway the
ship steers itself 20 degrees off course
they see squeaky who is now converted
into a cyborg squeaky gives relief to
woods's pain once and for all by tearing
a hole through his body then he along
with another giant robot attacks the
crew and they hide in the communications
room they can't ask for help now because
every transmitter is now destroyed just
like my brain sells after watching this
movie when richie starts announcing may
day the captain stops him as he doesn't
want to lose the 3 million you know
kelly is like enough is enough she
punches him and removes the captain from
charge finally richie communicates with
the machines via a computer a
computerized voice tells him that the
human species is like a virus and should
be finished it also says that it wants
spare parts from human bodies and then
the communication gets terminated richie
goes nuts out of fear and confusion like
any other normal human being would he
shoots at squeaky and flees he goes to a
room and kills the spider-like robot
using its parts he builds a
weird-looking machine that will
supposedly help him escape ignore him
he's a weirdo while the remaining crew
leaves the captain remains there and
starts communicating with the machines
he introduces himself as the dominant
life form he promises to help them by
bringing the ship to any port they want
machines call him to a room he goes
there and sees a harrowing scene of
machines operating half-torn dead bodies
converting them into cyborgs it was
disturbing for me to watch the captain
not even get slightly disturbed the
captain informs them that his crew is
conspiring to sink the ship nadia leads
the rest to the computer room but the
computer has moved elsewhere they roam
here and there in the darkness and yet
again get attacked nadia suggests a safe
shelter in the antenna control room but
it's not easy to reach there they are
still in the storm are they in the
bermuda triangle or what suddenly water
hits and kelly gets swept away hiko
manages to help her but he himself gets
lost in the typhoon kelly nadia and
steve reach the room and start looking
at a map they see that the ship is
heading to lord howe island nadia
assumes that the machines want to take
control of a british intelligence
station to take control of the world
military they get a response to richie's
mayday but can't respond
they then decide to flood the hold with
fuel and detonate it hence sinking the
ship they are attacked by the captain
who is now a cyborg nadia fits a grenade
in its body and steve throws it into a
small trapdoor where it explodes
they then leave from there they run into
richie who says that he has his own plan
the three start filling the tank with
fuel and set a time bomb with a timer of
15 minutes at the brim of the tank a
giant robot attacks them again i have
lost the count guys forgive me steve and
kelly are knocked unconscious while
kelly falls into the pool of fuel she
screams finding herself among rotting
dead bodies later the robot begins
torturing her tying her to the pole the
robot asks her where the detonator is
richie comes and rescues her the robot
is so stubborn it stands up and destroys
the room consequently the debris
collapses upon richie and steve while
nadia and kelly managed to flee the
robot chases them this film seems like a
glorified tom and jerry doesn't it steve
stands up and finds richie on the verge
of dying richie tells him that the
missile room is the way out and dies
like any cliched movie the robot finds
nadia and kelly and shows that it
defused the bomb nadia sacrifices
herself by shooting a flare gun at
nearby gas tanks to kill the machine
steve and kelly are reunited and they
reach the missile room there they find
the ejection seat which he was talking
about steve urges kelly to use the seat
as it is made for one person only but
kelly refuses titanic vibes guys both of
them manage to escape safely the
ejection mechanism triggers an explosion
in the ship and the energy dissipates
into seawater the explosion is spotted
by a u.s naval ship which rescues them
both in a helicopter
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel to see more of
these movie summaries